What kind of breakfast do you want to have? I'll prepare it for you.
So, then I will prepare breakfast for you,
Then I will prepare breakfast for you, then I will prepare breakfast for you,
Then I will prepare breakfast for you, then I will prepare breakfast for you, then I will prepare breakfast for you, then I will prepare breakfast for you, then
I'll prepare breakfast for you, then I'll prepare breakfast for you, then I'll prepare breakfast for you, then I'll prepare breakfast for you
Breakfast, then I will prepare breakfast for you,
Then I'll prepare breakfast for you,
Then I will prepare breakfast for you, then I will prepare breakfast for you, then I will prepare breakfast for you,
Then I'll prepare breakfast for you, then
How come, sister?
I know you are just unlucky
i hear yourself
I hope you misunderstood
I'm sorry because I was hurt
So I stayed and took care of her last night
Go back quickly
Otherwise, Aunt Plastic will change her mind again.
Then your building is worthy of taking care of it.